this is the fight you cannot win, dear dataminer pal

there's nothing except for some undertale reference around here in the cut content folder. what did you expect, some hidden "unlocks reminder lore"?? it even sounds ridiculous! or maybe you clicked on that text file because of the edgy text and maybe even understood the reference. if you did - good for you. really.

but, actually, what was the author thinking doing all of this and naming this so "lmaoish"?? hes probably was like "wow im such a funny man making a folder in my mod called cut content and puting some quote on quote funny easter egg sheets". yeah, he was probably also on "yeah lets add some text messages to this too, like fiend folio did, i love that" kinda thing too. he was probably really bored before doing this, wasnt he? and, did you seen that text on the characterunlocks file, too?? he really does think its hilarious???

like imagine being a little text file, in a little mod folder of the tiny mod for the smallish game. watching some dude writing random words not making any sense, just for funcies. only to hide me in some folder, which isn't even used in the actual game! thats a lame kind of existence. acting like im some kind of a cursed secret relic or a part of the corny arg. (spoiler: im not).

this mod was supposed to be small. "just a quick reminder for the unlocks", he said. "its not gonna be major", he also said. and... it actually, really isn't major. but the next thing i saw, was him with a smile on his face. didn't liked it. but he made it anyway. 

but.. even if he does hide some stupid files and images which don't quite contribute anything to the game, he made it for you. for you, so you would have 2 minutes of happiness (do you?)

just promise me one thing: if you ever make your own mod, don't name your text file a calamity reference. thats not how naming your files work, for the most part.

so long, loved stranger. sincerely,
	some .txt file that's way too much emotionally self-aware